welcome to the man of recaps this is
robe one a Star Wars story road one
takes place just before the original
Star Wars Episode four a new hope it
starts with director cranek of the
empire visiting Galen our so an engineer
it's I came in you want to come help us
build the Death Star and he's like not
really but I guess I don't have a choice
but he sent away his daughter Jin or so
she hides in the rock basement until
she's picked up by rebel leader sagar
era years later sexy rebel guy is on a
mission he finds out that an imperial
cargo pilot defected with news of the
Death Star but he was picked up by sagar
era
anyway it's jyn erso all grown up she's
an imperial prisoner but the rebellion
comes and busts her out of there they
want to talk to the defecting pilot but
Sagar era left the official rebellion
and formed his own rebellion so they're
not on good terms anymore they're hoping
Jin can talk to him since they're old
friends also the message the pilot has
is apparently from the lead engineer on
the Death Star
her father Galen ourselves so Jin's like
okay visit uncle saw rescue my dad I'm
in so they're heading off they've also
got this Imperial droid who's
reprogrammed he's real sassy but sexy
guy is given a secret mission not to
rescue her dad but to assassinate him
cuz you know he's too dangerous to be
left alive anyway they fly to some
planet and it's like man how are we
gonna find sagar arey you know he's very
underground boom explosion an imperial
convoy attacked it's all guerreras men
so our people join in the fight they end
up captured but this guy's like let him
go oh he's a blind monk type and he's
got super daredevil hearing so he's all
like boom kickin but yeah he's got a
friend in sidekick whose name I think
his big gun guy anyway they're taking a
seesaw Guerrera who plays back the
message from Jin's father he's like hey
what's up I've secretly built in a
weakness to the Death Star but I can't
just tell you what it is here you know
the dad is too big you have to go in and
steal the plans herself meanwhile at the
Death Star it's a CGI commander Tarkin
he's talking to director critic who is
in charge of building the Death Star and
it's like man did your thing even work
it's like oh I'll show you a works watch
this fire Z lasers pew pew boom explodes
just a little bit not the whole planet
gens like come on let's go but sounds
like it's too late save yourselves so
they run out of there and fly off so I
was like you know I probably could have
made it if I ran so they fly out of
there and Tarkan's like hey man nice
Death Star critics like yeah thanks I'm
taking it now it's mine what that's BS
so he runs out of there good guys go
down to rainy planet where the
engineering lab deal in ER so works out
is sexy guys going to assassinate him
but
he decides not to he's like I can't do
that to Jim chronic is there talking to
him because he knows it was him who sent
the pilot to defect but the rebellion
flies in they've got orders to shoot up
the whole place so Jim comes in she's
like father it's like what but boom
explosion credit gets out of there and
gene goes to her father and talks to him
one last time before he dies but then on
waffle world Darth Vader has built
himself a spa
he's like a critic this better be good
cuz you interrupted my bath chronics
like hey Tarkin stole my Death Star can
I have it back Darth Vader's like you
know I'm gonna choke you out and make a
choking pun ha so Jin's trying to
convince the rebellion that they need to
go steal the Death Star plans but
everyone's divided and scared so she
gives an impassioned speech about
rebellions are built on hope and it's
like a nice speech but we're still not
gonna do it sorry so she and sexy man go
in for an unauthorized mission and they
call themselves rogue one it's the title
of the movie yeah so the plans are being
held on beautiful Beach world they sneak
in there and their friends outside blow
some things up to cause a distraction
plans are on a hard drive on these giant
server towers but the stormtroopers are
coming so sassy droid holds him off with
a heroic lasts and the power goes out
though so jin has to jump onto the
servers and grab the hard drive the old
fashioned way Jin climbs to the top
where she can transmit the plans but
cranek comes up unfortunately stead of
shooting her he starts monologuing and
gets shot himself by sexy guy outside
the pilot setting up communications but
he forgets to flip the on switch so
blonde guys like oh I'll do it no
problem
wait a minute kind of sounds like people
are shooting at me he turns it on but
then immediately dies and his friend big
gun guy has a last end and dies too and
the pilot talks in rebellion like hey
man we need your help right now
and then he dies as well but the
rebellion fleet shows up led by Admiral
Ackbar's blue brother problem is there's
a planet-wide shield so they can't get
in so Admiral Sokka has a plan airship
Slice they crash the one ship into the
Star Destroyer and crash it into the
other one and it falls down in space for
some reason and it explodes the shield
with the shield down Jin's able to
transmit the plans up to them chronic
still alive and he sees that the Death
Star has come here Tarkan's like hey
this is gonna be hilarious aim directly
for cranek boom boom boom taken out of
the rest of the planets exploding - so
Jin's like a sexy guy you want to make
out and he's like oh what no I'm not not
really into you like that but we'll hug
it out as we die rebellions like Oh tank
we got to get out of here so they start
to retreat but it's an imperial star
destroyer Darth Vader's here
come to join the party the rebels
transfer the Death Star plans to this
floppy disk but as they're trying to
bail the door is stuck and down the
hallway it's Darth Vader Darth Vader is
a beast he's got god mode on deflecting
all the lasers grabs the guy with the
force slams him into the ceiling aw man
they manage to hand off the disk great
before Vader gets there and they bail on
the ship narrowly avoiding Vader's grasp
now that is the ship from the original
Star Wars meaning that onboard is a CGI
Princess Leia and that's how row 1 comes
to an end
[Music]